imagemagick: convert command (#69)
unikraft/dynamic-apps: imagemagick/README.md

# Imagemagick

> This is the Imagemagick application, an app able to do many manipulations to images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Imagemagick` application is used for image manipulation.
```

> For now only available command is `convert` but others should be added later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now the only available command is `convert`.
```

> ## Running the convert command using [run-app-elfloader](https://github.com/unikraft/run-app-elfloader)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running the Convert Command Using [`run-app-elfloader`](https://github.com/unikraft/run-app-elfloader)
```

> To run the convert command, you first need the image you pretend to convert inside in the dynamic-apps/imagemagick directory. After that, change directory into run-app-elfloader and run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the convert command, you first need the image you want to convert inside in the `dynamic-apps/imagemagick/` directory.
After that, change directory into `run-app-elfloader` and run the following command:
```

```console
./run.sh -r path/to/dynamic-apps/imagemagick /usr/bin/convert [image to be converted] [converted image]
```

After the conversion is finished, you can press `Ctrl+C` to exit.

> 

Reviewer: Add a section on running the convert using Linux (see the [`python README`](https://github.com/unikraft/dynamic-apps/tree/master/lang/python) for reference).

# Imagemagick

The `Imagemagick` application is used for image manipulation.

For now the only available command is `convert`.

## Running the Convert Command Using [`run-app-elfloader`](https://github.com/unikraft/run-app-elfloader)

To run the convert command, you first need the image you want to convert inside in the `dynamic-apps/imagemagick/` directory.
After that, change directory into `run-app-elfloader` and run the following command:

```console
./run.sh -r path/to/dynamic-apps/imagemagick /usr/bin/convert [image to be converted] [converted image]
```

After the conversion is finished, you can press `Ctrl+C` to exit.

> ## Run `Convert` command on Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run the `Convert` command on Linux
```
